So if you recall from one of the videos way back when we can actually use the spread operator to turn
a set into an array.
So if we did something like Let say set equals new set then we can initialize that with some values
you might be one to three legs so that we can make an array and we'll just call it our in and set it
equal to a spread operator with our set in here.
So now if I console log the array you'll see and it's just an array with 1 2 3.
What we did was we took this array literal and then use the spread operator to take this set and take
the values from that set and put it in as individual items in the array.
The cool thing is the spread operator can be used with all types of iterable.
So it can also be used with something like for example the map.
And whenever you use a spread operator with an iterable what it's going to do is read from the iterator
object and then it's going to place these items inside the array with the default iterator.
So for example if we did a map like so let's map because new map and then we initialize it.
And will you name Andrew and then we'll do say a page which should be a string equal to 23 like so.
And then we make another race so we'll do our two and we'll just do the same thing as before spread
operator inside of an array literal with the map and just canceled all log that array right here.
So you can see in this particular case it has two arrays inside of this one array right here and inside
of there we have these two arrays.
I mean this two item array right here in this two item array right here.
So whenever you use a spread operator with an iterable it's going to use the default iterator of that
particular collection type.
So in the case of map it's going to be using entries and whenever we use entries it returns a two item
array and it will put that in as an individual item similar to how we originally seeded the map with
its original key value pairs right there.
So it will take whatever is returned from that object from that iterator and then place it inside of
the array in the order in which the iterator returns the values.